feat(docs): Delete flows (#31)
fleekxyz/fleek-xyz-docs: docs/Projects/index.md

### Changing project name

To change the project name you can click on the settings icon in the project dashboard. You will be prompted to enter a new name for the project. Once you have entered the name, click on the save button and the project name will be updated.

### Deleting a project

To remove a project, please navigate to the project dashboard and select the settings icon. You will be asked to confirm the removal of all associated resources within the project. Ensure you check the box to the right to acknowledge this action before proceeding for:

- All the sites
- All the domains linked to the sites
- All the IPNS keys linked to the sites
- All the Private Gateways
- All the domains linked to the Private Gateways
- All the files stored

![](../images/delete-project.png)

Once you have confirmed the deletion, the project will be deleted. This action is irreversible.

:::info

> The deletion of a project is an asynchronouse process we recommend when doing this to always remove any DNS configuration pointing to the project before deleting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deletion of a project is an asynchronous process. We recommend always removing any DNS configuration pointing to the project before deleting it.
```
